setBPM 140
setTicksPerBeat 3
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/hihat.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt

load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/hihat.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/hihat.txt

load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/hihat.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt

load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
setNoteTicks 1
setFreq 0
note
load sample/sample2/template/drums/bass.txt
load sample/sample2/template/drums/snare.txt
